Fix the natural language editor in this Morse project. When a user applies 
a change via the NL editor (the "Apply" button), the entire UI layout breaks 
completely — the navbar collapses into a bullet list, panels detach, and 
the hero section fragments. The layout was fine before the edit was applied.

Do NOT rebuild or recreate any part of the app. Only fix the apply-nl pipeline.

The root cause is one or more of these:
1. The genome or layout JSON being saved after a patch is malformed or 
   missing required fields
2. The patch engine is partially overwriting the layout structure with 
   undefined or null values
3. The frontend renderer is not defensively handling missing genome/layout 
   fields after an update

Fix all three defensively:

Step 1 — In server/routes.ts, find the /api/project/:id/apply-nl route.
Before saving the updated genome and layout to the database, add validation:
- If the patched genome is missing colors, typography, spacing, radius, 
  iconStyle, or motion — reject the patch and return the original genome unchanged
- If the patched layout is missing sections or metadata — reject and return 
  the original layout unchanged
- Log a warning when a patch is rejected so we can debug

Step 2 — In server/routes.ts in the same apply-nl route, make sure the 
genome patch is applied as a deep merge, not a shallow overwrite. Use 
something like:
  const updatedGenome = deepMerge(currentGenome, patchedFields)
where deepMerge recursively merges nested objects instead of replacing them.
Add a deepMerge helper function at the top of routes.ts if one doesn't exist.

Step 3 — In client/src/components/genome-ui/index.tsx (or wherever the 
genome tokens are consumed to render the preview), add null/undefined guards 
on every genome field access. For example:
  genome.colors?.primary ?? "#6366F1"
  genome.typography?.heading ?? "Inter"
  genome.spacing?.md ?? "16px"
  genome.radius?.md ?? "8px"
Do this for every field that could be undefined to prevent the renderer 
from crashing when a partial genome arrives.

Step 4 — In client/src/components/genome-ui/index.tsx, if the layout 
sections array is empty or undefined after an NL edit, render the previous 
valid layout instead of an empty/broken state. Store the last valid layout 
in a ref and fall back to it if the new layout fails validation.

After making all fixes, test by:
1. Loading any project
2. Typing "make it darker" in the NL editor and applying
3. Confirming the layout stays intact and only the style changes
4. Typing "add a pricing section" and applying
5. Confirming the layout updates without breaking

Do not change any other part of the codebase.